Here's how I created my network diagram with AWS VPC.
We want an Internet gateway, an EC2 instance,
and a public subnet with an elastic IP address and the database in
a private subnet and some a client to connect to AWS.
So I'm using Lucidchart,
which is an online diagramming application.
I think you have a free trial for a couple of weeks,
but I went ahead and paid for the full version.
So Lucidchart has some AWS icons integrated.
I went ahead and pulled those up to prepare myself to create this diagram.
So here first, we're going to drag over the
AWS cloud large environment here.
Lucidchart provides some guidelines but let you know when you've got it centered.
So I'm going to give myself plenty of room here to build out this little network diagram.
Second, I'm going to bring in a VPC.
Try to get that as centered as I can and make that nice size too just so I
can have some room to add as needed.
Okay. I want a VPC to that.
I'm going to add an availability zone in my VPC.
You got nice size too.
We're going to have to put a couple my subnets in here.
I'm going to need subnet one.
Let's get that to decent size.
Grab another subnet here,
get that, bring that little bit.
Maybe make that one a little bit bigger.
So we want to put a database in our private subnet,
and we want to put an EC2 instance in our public subnet.
Bring that down a little bit,
make it a little smaller so it fits in there a little better.
Goodness. Diagramming takes a little bit of time to get used to,
but I'm sure you guys will get it.
Moving you up now so we don't have as much crowding.
So let's scroll down a little text box here.
Then we're going to call this our public subnets.
Let's make it so that we can see it.
Then let's do that again for our private subnet.
We want to add an Internet gateway.
Let's find that Internet gateway,
and so had them here.
It's pretty big, shrink it down a little bit.
Let's add a workstation to access everything here.
I'll make that a little smaller too.
That's probably good enough.
Let's connect it. Well, let's bring this down to
the gateway and let's bring you up a whole and connect it to our client.
Okay. I think that's good enough.
Let's see. So I hope you were able to come up with something similar here.
Let's attach our gateway to our public subnet here.
Let's see. I built one earlier, let's compare them.
An elastic IP address, that's what we forgot.
So let me get our elastic IP and add that here.
We'll call that good.
We can make it a little bit [inaudible] and maybe we'll make our VPC a little bit better.
If you're able to complete this exercise, congratulations.
I know diagramming isn't the easiest concept if you're not accustomed to it.
So thanks for completing the exercise,
and hopefully you [inaudible] up with a diagram that looks a little something like this.